Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI and Microservice 1020.1.15 (#2380)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020.1.15-rename-microservice-dtm-ms-to-dtm.md

---
date: ""

> title: "rename microservice "dtm-ms" to "dtm""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Renamed microservice from "dtm-ms" to "dtm""
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"

>       label: "Improvement"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      label: "API change"
```

component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1535"
version: "1020.1.15"
---

> The  DTM microservice is renamed from "dtm-ms" to "dtm". REST endpoint paths have been updated accordingly, replacing the "dtm-ms" segment with "dtm". This change is transparent to the user. However, user may need to manually unsubscribe and uninstall the older version.

Reviewer 2: DTM application users will not notice this change.

> The  DTM microservice is renamed from "dtm-ms" to "dtm". REST endpoint paths have been updated accordingly, replacing the "dtm-ms" segment with "dtm". This change is transparent to the user. However, users may need to manually unsubscribe and uninstall the older version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The  DTM microservice has been renamed from "dtm-ms" to "dtm". REST endpoint paths have been updated accordingly, replacing the "dtm-ms" segment with "dtm". Users will not perceive any change. However, they may need to manually unsubscribe and uninstall the older version.
```
